No.
No, Silian, this is not a company.
This is between you and me.
I only said it once.
If you don't want to go to the police station.
Go away.
General Director
Why? Don't worry.
Dear General Manager, I didn't have any more of your yellow bags.
I promise I'll never find you again.
You're having trouble with bleeding.
You let us go.
Take him to the police station.
Your number doesn't believe it.
And...
Anyone out from the wedding tonight?
You can be consistent.
General Manager Gu, thank you for helping me invite you to eat today.
I never eat junk food.
Oh, General Manager.
It's really delicious.
Just try it.
Eat.
Helped me many times.
Tasty?
Just work well later.
Yes.
It's no problem.
That you're married.